Zerologon is a critical security vulnerability (CVE-2020-1472) that affects the Netlogon Remote Protocol (MS-NRPC) in Windows domain controllers. It was discovered and disclosed by the cybersecurity company Secura in August 2020. Zerologon allows attackers to impersonate domain controllers and gain unauthorized access to a Windows Active Directory domain.
[For More Information](https://www.trendmicro.com/en_us/what-is/zerologon.html)

#### Features
- Exploits the insecure usage of AES-CFB8 encryption in Netlogon authentication process.
- Attacker sends crafted Netlogon messages to the domain controller, impersonating it.
- Manipulates cryptographic verification to achieve successful authentication without valid credentials.

#### Mitigating
- Apply security patches promptly. Microsoft released patches in August 2020.
- Ensure all domain controllers and related systems are updated with the latest security updates.
- Implement strict access controls, network segmentation, and monitoring mechanisms.
- Regular security assessments and audits to identify and address security weaknesses.
- Prioritize security by staying informed about the latest threats and following best practices.

#### Exploitations
```bash
$ python3 zerologon_check.py HYDRA-DC 192.168.57.132

$ python3 cve-2020-1472-exploit.py HYDRA-DC 192.168.57.132

$ secretdump.py -just-dc MARVEL/HYDRA-DC\$@192.168.57.132
```
**Explanation**
1. `python3 zerologon_check.py HYDRA-DC 192.168.57.132`
    - This command likely runs a Python script named `zerologon_check.py`.
    - It takes two arguments: `HYDRA-DC` (the target domain controller's hostname) and `192.168.57.132` (the IP address of the target domain controller).
    - The purpose of the script is likely to check if the target domain controller is vulnerable to the Zerologon vulnerability (CVE-2020-1472). Zerologon is a critical Windows Netlogon Remote Protocol vulnerability that allows an attacker to compromise a domain controller.
2. `python3 cve-2020-1472-exploit.py HYDRA-DC 192.168.57.132`
    - This command runs another Python script named `cve-2020-1472-exploit.py`.
    - It also takes two arguments: `HYDRA-DC` (the target domain controller's hostname) and `192.168.57.132` (the IP address of the target domain controller).
    - The purpose of this script is likely to exploit the Zerologon vulnerability (CVE-2020-1472) on the target domain controller. Exploiting this vulnerability can lead to unauthorized access and control of the domain controller, which can have severe consequences for the security of the entire domain.
3. `secretdump.py -just-dc MARVEL/HYDRA-DC\$@192.168.57.132`
    - This command runs a tool called `secretdump.py`.
    - The `-just-dc` option suggests that the tool is focused on extracting secrets specifically from the domain controller.
    - The argument `MARVEL/HYDRA-DC\$@192.168.57.132` seems to specify the target domain and the hostname of the domain controller (e.g., "HYDRA-DC" in the "MARVEL" domain) along with its IP address.
    - The purpose of this tool is likely to attempt to dump or extract sensitive information (secrets) from the target domain controller. This information may include user passwords, service account credentials, and other critical data stored on the domain controller.

#### Restoration
```shell
$ secretdump.py admin@192.168.57.132 -hashes <Admin_Hash>

$ restorepassword.py MARVEL/HYDRA-DC@HYDRA-DC -target-ip 192.168.57.132 -hexpass <Plain_Password_Hex>
```
**Explanation**
1. `secretdump.py admin@192.168.57.132 -hashes <Admin_Hash>` 
    - This command runs the `secretdump.py` tool with the following arguments:
    - `admin@192.168.57.132`: This specifies the username (admin) and the target IP address (192.168.57.132) of the domain controller to be targeted for password hash extraction.
    - `-hashes <Admin_Hash>`: This likely indicates that the script expects the password hash for the user "admin" to be provided as an input in a specific format. The `<Admin_Hash>` placeholder should be replaced with the actual password hash in the specified format.
    
    The purpose of this command is to use the extracted password hash of the "admin" user to attempt to access the target domain controller. The extracted password hash might have been obtained through various means, such as using the `secretdump.py` tool on another compromised system.
2. `restorepassword.py MARVEL/HYDRA-DC@HYDRA-DC -target-ip 192.168.57.132 -hexpass <Plain_Password_Hex>`
    - This command runs the `restorepassword.py` script with the following arguments:
    - `MARVEL/HYDRA-DC@HYDRA-DC`: This indicates the target account in the format "DOMAIN/USERNAME@DOMAIN" (e.g., "MARVEL/HYDRA-DC@HYDRA-DC").
    - `-target-ip 192.168.57.132`: This specifies the IP address of the target domain controller, which is "192.168.57.132" in this case.
    - `-hexpass <Plain_Password_Hex>`: This likely expects the plain password for the specified account in hexadecimal format. The `<Plain_Password_Hex>` placeholder should be replaced with the actual plain password in hexadecimal format.