## Variables
```python
name = "Michael Medhat"
age = 21
gpa = 3.3

int(gpa) # 3
int(3.9) # 3

print("My name is " + name + " and I am " + str(age) + "years old.")

age += 4
print(age) # 25

birthday = 1
age += birthday
print(age) # 26
```
### Variable Properties
1. **Variable Naming:**
	- Variable names can consist of letters (both lowercase and uppercase), digits, and underscores.
	- The first character of a variable name cannot be a digit.
	- Variable names are case-sensitive (e.g., `count` and `Count` are different variables).
	- It is recommended to use descriptive names that reflect the purpose or meaning of the variable.
2. **Variable Assignment:**
	- Variables are assigned using the `=` operator.
	- The value on the right side of the `=` is assigned to the variable on the left side.
	- Example: `x = 5`
3. **Dynamic Typing:**
	- Python uses dynamic typing, which means the type of a variable is inferred based on the value assigned to it.
	- Variables can be reassigned to different types of values.
```python
x = 5      # x is an integer 
x = "hello"   # x is now a string```
```
4. **Variable References:**
	- Variables in Python are references to objects in memory rather than storage containers for values.
	- When a variable is assigned a value, it references the memory location where the value is stored.
	- Multiple variables can reference the same object in memory.
```python
x = 5 
y = x    
# y references the same memory location as x
```
5. **Variable Reassignment:**
	- Variables can be reassigned to different values.
	- When a variable is reassigned, it references a new memory location with the new value.
```python
x = 5 
x = x + 1    
# x is reassigned to a new memory location with the value 6
```     
6. **Variable Scope:**
	- Variables have a scope that defines their visibility and accessibility.
	- Variables defined inside a function have local scope, while those defined outside functions have global scope.
	- Local variables are only accessible within the function they are defined in.
	- Global variables are accessible throughout the entire program.
```python
def my_function():
	x = 5     # x is a local variable within the function
	print(x)

my_function() 
print(x)     # This will raise an error as x is not defined in the global scope
```     

### Variable Datatypes
1. **Numeric Types:**
	- Integer (`int`): Represents whole numbers, e.g., 5, -10, 0.
	- Float (`float`): Represents floating-point numbers with decimal places, e.g., 3.14, -2.5, 0.0.
	- Complex (`complex`): Represents complex numbers in the form `a + bj`, where `a` and `b` are floats, and `j` represents the square root of -1.
2. **Sequence Types:**
	- String (`str`): Represents a sequence of characters enclosed in single quotes ('') or double quotes ("").
	- List (`list`): Represents an ordered, mutable collection of elements enclosed in square brackets ([]).
	- Tuple (`tuple`): Represents an ordered, immutable collection of elements enclosed in parentheses (()).
3. **Mapping Type:**
	- Dictionary (`dict`): Represents an unordered collection of key-value pairs enclosed in curly braces ({}) where each key is unique.
4. **Set Types:**
	- Set (`set`): Represents an unordered collection of unique elements enclosed in curly braces ({}).
	- FrozenSet (`frozenset`): Represents an immutable version of a set, also containing unique elements.
5. **Boolean Type:**  
	- Boolean (`bool`): Represents a logical value, either `True` or `False`.
6. **None Type:**
	- None (`NoneType`): Represents the absence of a value or a null value.

## Methods
```python
quote = "All is fair in love and war. \n"
print(quote)

# Methods
print(quote.upper())
print(quote.lower())
print(quote.title())
print(len(quote))
```
### Basic Methods
1. **String Methods:**
	- `len(string)`: Returns the length of a string.
	- `string.lower()`: Converts a string to lowercase.
	- `string.upper()`: Converts a string to uppercase.
	- `string.strip()`: Removes leading and trailing whitespace from a string.
	- `string.split()`: Splits a string into a list of substrings based on a delimiter.
	- `string.replace(old, new)`: Replaces occurrences of a substring with another substring.
	- `string.startswith(prefix)`: Checks if a string starts with a specified prefix.
	- `string.endswith(suffix)`: Checks if a string ends with a specified suffix.
2. **List Methods:**
	- `len(list)`: Returns the number of elements in a list.
	- `list.append(element)`: Adds an element to the end of a list.
	- `list.insert(index, element)`: Inserts an element at a specific position in a list.
	- `list.pop()`: Removes and returns the last element of a list.
	- `list.remove(element)`: Removes the first occurrence of an element from a list.
	- `list.sort()`: Sorts the elements of a list in ascending order.
	- `list.reverse()`: Reverses the order of elements in a list.
	- `list.index(element)`: Returns the index of the first occurrence of an element in a list.
3. **Dictionary Methods:**
	- `len(dictionary)`: Returns the number of key-value pairs in a dictionary.
	- `dictionary.keys()`: Returns a list of all keys in a dictionary.
	- `dictionary.values()`: Returns a list of all values in a dictionary.
	- `dictionary.get(key)`: Returns the value associated with a specified key.
	- `dictionary.pop(key)`: Removes and returns the value associated with a specified key.
	- `dictionary.update(other_dict)`: Updates a dictionary with key-value pairs from another dictionary.
4. **Conversion Methods:**
	- `type(variable)`: Returns the type of the variable
	- `str(integer)`: Integer to String
	- `int(float_number)`: Float to Integer
	- `int(string)`: String to Integer
	- `float(string)`: String to Float
	- `' '.join(list)`: List to String
	- `list(string)`: String to List
	- `list(tuple)`: Tuple to List
	- `tuple(list)`: List to Tuple
	- `eval(string)`: String to Dictionary
5. **Integer Methods:**
	- `abs(x)`: Returns the absolute (positive) value of `x`.
	- `pow(x, y)`: Returns `x` raised to the power of `y`.
	- `round(x, n)`: Returns `x` rounded to `n` decimal places.
	- `sum(iterable)`: Returns the sum of all elements in the iterable.
	- `min(iterable)`: Returns the minimum value from the iterable.
	- `max(iterable)`: Returns the maximum value from the iterable.
	- `divmod(x, y)`: Returns a tuple containing the quotient and remainder of `x` divided by `y`.
	- `len(iterable)`: Returns the number of elements in the iterable.
	- `range(start, stop, step)`: Returns an iterable of numbers from `start` to `stop` (exclusive) with a step size of `step`.
	- `sorted(iterable)`: Returns a new sorted list from the elements of the iterable.
	- `sum(range(start, stop, step))`: Returns the sum of numbers generated by the `range()` function with the specified arguments.
	- `bin(x)`: Converts an integer `x` to a binary string representation.
	- `hex(x)`: Converts an integer `x` to a lowercase hexadecimal string representation.
	- `oct(x)`: Converts an integer `x` to an octal string representation.
	- `chr(x)`: Returns the string representing a character whose Unicode code point is `x`.
	- `ord(c)`: Returns the Unicode code point of the character `c`.