### [Asset Finder](https://github.com/tomnomnom/assetfinder)
`assetfinder` is a command-line reconnaissance tool used for subdomain enumeration. It helps in finding subdomains associated with a given domain name. This tool works by querying various public sources like DNS databases, Certificate Transparency Logs, and web archives to discover subdomains that might be associated with the target domain.

Here's how you can use `assetfinder` for subdomain enumeration:

1. **Installation:** 
	- `assetfinder` is a Golang-based tool, so you'll need Golang installed on your system to build and use it. Once you have Golang set up, you can install `assetfinder` using the following command:
	```bash
	go get -u github.com/tomnomnom/assetfinder
	```
2. **Usage:** 
	- After installation, you can run `assetfinder` from the command line. The basic syntax is as follows:
	```bash
	assetfinder [options] target
	```
	- `target`: The target domain for which you want to discover subdomains.
	- `[options]`: Various options that you can use to customize the enumeration process.
	```bash
	assetfinder example.com
	```
	The output will display a list of subdomains found for the target domain.
3. **Output:** 
	- `assetfinder` will output the discovered subdomains, each on a new line. You can save the results to a file for further analysis or use them in other tools like `httprobe`, `nmap`, etc., for deeper scanning and enumeration.

#### Automating Asset Finder
```bash
#!/bin/bash

url=$1

if[ ! -d "$url" ]; then
	mkdir $url
fi
if[ ! -d "$url/recon" ]; then
	mkdir $url/recon
fi

echo "[+] Harvesting Subdomains with AssetFinder ..."
assetfinder $url >> $url/recon/assets.txt
cat $url/recon/assets.txt | grep $1 >> $url/recon/final.txt
rm $url/recon/assets.txt
```
#### Simpler Version
```bash
!/bin/bash

url=$1
company="${url%.com}"

echo "[+] Harvesting Subdomains with AssetFinder ..."
assetfinder $url >> $company.txt

echo "[+] Enumeration Done"
echo "[+] File Saved Under $company.txt"
```

### [AMAS](https://github.com/owasp-amass/amass)
OWASP Amass is an open-source and powerful reconnaissance tool used for information gathering, specifically for subdomain enumeration and network mapping. It helps security researchers and penetration testers to discover subdomains and related network infrastructure associated with a target domain.

#### Features
1. **Subdomain Enumeration:** OWASP Amass uses various techniques, such as DNS brute-forcing, DNS crawling, web scraping, and API requests to discover subdomains associated with the target domain.
2. **Data Sources:** It leverages multiple data sources, including DNS databases, Certificate Transparency logs, web archives, search engines, and passive DNS services, to find as many subdomains as possible.
3. **Network Mapping:** OWASP Amass can also be used to map out the network of a target, identifying IP addresses and network ranges associated with discovered subdomains.
4. **Integration:** The tool is designed to work well with other popular tools used in the reconnaissance phase, such as Subfinder, MassDNS, and more.
5. **Active Scanning:** OWASP Amass can perform active scanning to identify active hosts among the discovered subdomains using techniques like DNS resolution and HTTP/HTTPS requests.
6. **Graph Visualization:** It provides an option to generate network graphs of the discovered subdomains, giving a clear visual representation of the target's infrastructure.
7. **Output Formats:** OWASP Amass supports multiple output formats, including JSON, TXT, CSV, and others, allowing easy integration with other tools and analysis platforms.

#### Usage
1. **Installation:** 
	- Before using OWASP Amass, make sure you have Golang installed on your system. Then, you can install Amass using the following command:
	```bash
	go install -v github.com/owasp-amass/amass/v4/...@master
	```
2. **Usage:** 
	- Once Amass is installed, you can start using it by running the `amass` command from the terminal. The basic syntax for using Amass is as follows:
	```bash
	amass enum [options] -d target_domain
	amass enum -d tesla.com
	```
	- `enum`: This is the subcommand used for the enumeration phase of OWASP Amass.
	- `[options]`: You can use various options to customize the enumeration process. Some common options are explained below.
	- `-d target_domain`: This is the target domain for which you want to discover subdomains.
3. **Common Options:** 
	- `-d target_domain`: Specify the target domain for enumeration.
	- `-o output_file`: Save the results to the specified output file.
	- `-passive`: Use only passive methods for enumeration (default: active and passive methods).
	- `-active`: Use only active methods for enumeration (DNS resolution and HTTP/HTTPS requests).
	- `-brute`: Perform brute-force DNS subdomain enumeration (this can be time-consuming and may cause rate-limiting).
	- `-src`: Specify data sources to use (e.g., `-src ipinfo,certspotter`).
	- `-config`: Specify the path to a configuration file with additional options.
4. **Example:** 
	- To perform subdomain enumeration on the target domain `example.com` using OWASP Amass with both active and passive methods and save the results to a file, you can use the following command:
	```bash
	amass enum -d example.com -o subdomains.txt
	```
	- This command will run the enumeration process, and the discovered subdomains will be saved in the `subdomains.txt` file.
5. **Further Analysis:** 
	- Once you have the list of subdomains, you can use other tools like `httprobe` to check which of these subdomains are active and respond to HTTP/HTTPS requests. Additionally, you can use other reconnaissance and penetration testing tools to further investigate the target domain's infrastructure and identify potential vulnerabilities.
#### Automating AMASS
```bash
!/bin/bash

url=$1
company="${url%.com}"

echo "[+] Harvesting Subdomains with AMASS ..."
amass enum -d $url >> $company.txt

echo "[+] Enumeration Done"
echo "[+] File Saved Under $company.txt"
```

### [HTTProbe](https://github.com/tomnomnom/httprobe)
`httprobe` is a command-line tool used for probing HTTP and HTTPS web servers for a list of domains or IP addresses. It takes a list of domains or IP addresses as input and checks which of them respond to HTTP or HTTPS requests. This tool is useful after performing subdomain enumeration using tools like OWASP Amass, Sublist3r, or similar tools, as it helps determine which discovered subdomains are active and can be further investigated.

#### Features
1. **Live Host Discovery:** `httprobe` is used to determine which domains or IP addresses in a list are live (responsive) by probing them with HTTP and HTTPS requests.
2. **Subdomain Validation:** When used after subdomain enumeration, `httprobe` helps validate which of the discovered subdomains are actively serving web content.
3. **Protocol Identification:** `httprobe` identifies whether a domain supports HTTP or HTTPS, indicating which protocol is active on the live hosts.
4. **Concurrency:** The tool is built to perform concurrent HTTP/HTTPS requests, making the probing process faster and more efficient.
5. **Input Flexibility:** `httprobe` can read input from various sources, including standard input (stdin), text files, or other command-line tools, making it versatile and easy to integrate with other tools in the reconnaissance phase.
6. **Output Customization:** The tool provides options for customizing the output format, allowing users to save results to files or use them directly in subsequent steps of their workflow.

#### Usage
1. **Installation:** 
	- `httprobe` is part of the `httptools` package, which includes other HTTP-related tools. You can install it using the following command:
	```bash
	go get -u github.com/tomnomnom/httptools/httprobe
	```
	- Make sure you have Golang (Go) installed on your system before running the above command.
2. **Usage:** 
	- After installation, you can run `httprobe` from the command line. The basic syntax is as follows:
	```bash
	cat domains.txt | httprobe
	```
	- Here, `domains.txt` is a text file containing a list of domains or IP addresses (one per line) that you want to probe.
	- Alternatively, you can use input redirection to pass the list directly to `httprobe`:
	```bash
	httprobe < domains.txt
	```
	- `httprobe` will then send HTTP and HTTPS requests to each domain or IP address in the list and print the ones that respond with a valid HTTP status code (e.g., 200, 301, 403, etc.).
3. **Output:** 
	- The output will be a list of URLs that responded to the requests. This list will include the URLs with the "http://" or "https://" prefix, indicating which protocol the server responded to.
	```bash
	http://example.com https://example.com http://subdomain.example.com
	```
	- You can save the results to a file for further analysis using output redirection:
	```bash
	httprobe < domains.txt > live_urls.txt
	```
	- This will save the live URLs to a file named `live_urls.txt`.

#### Integration With Asset Finder
```bash
#!/bin/bash

url=$1
company="${url%.com}"

if [ ! -d "$company" ]; then
	mkdir $company
fi

echo "[+] Harvesting Subdomains with AssetFinder ..."
assetfinder $url >> $company/assets.txt
cat $company/assets.txt | grep $1 > $company/Subdomains.txt
rm $company/assets.txt
echo "[+] Enumberation Done Saved Under $company/Subdomains.txt"

# echo "[+] Haversting Subdomains with AMASS ..."
# amass enum -d $url >> $url/amass.txt
# sort -u $url/amass.txt >> $url/final.txt
# rm $url/amass.txt

echo "[+] Probing for Alive Domains ..."
cat $company/Subdomains.txt | sort -u | httprobe -s -p https:443 | sed 's/https\?:\/\///' | tr -d ':443' > $company/Alive.txt
echo "[+] Probing Done Saved Under $company/Alive.txt"
```
