### [Gowitness](https://github.com/sensepost/gowitness)
`gowitness` is a command-line tool designed for capturing and manipulating screenshots of web pages. It is a useful tool for reconnaissance and security assessments, as it allows you to quickly capture screenshots of multiple web pages, which can be helpful for further analysis and documentation.

#### Features
1. **Screenshot Capture:** `gowitness` captures screenshots of web pages, allowing you to visualize how a website appears in a browser.
2. **Headless Browsing:** It uses a headless browser (e.g., Chromium or Google Chrome) to render the web pages and take screenshots without displaying a graphical interface.
3. **Concurrency:** The tool supports concurrent screenshot capture, making the process faster and efficient, especially when dealing with a large number of URLs.
4. **Input Flexibility:** `gowitness` can accept input from various sources, including a list of URLs, Burp Suite saved items, or other files, making it versatile for different workflows.
5. **Output Formats:** The captured screenshots can be saved in various formats, such as PNG or JPEG, giving you options for further use or sharing the results.
6. **Customizable Output:** You can specify the output directory and filename template to organize and manage the screenshots effectively.
7. **Docker Support:** `gowitness` can be run within a Docker container, making it easy to set up and use across different systems.
8. **Integration:** The captured screenshots can be used as part of a larger reconnaissance or penetration testing workflow, helping analysts and security researchers gain insights into the target's web presence.

#### Usage
1. **Installation:** 
	- Before using `gowitness`, you need to install it on your system. You can find the latest release and installation instructions on the GitHub repository
	```bash
	go install github.com/sensepost/gowitness@latest
	```  
2. **Basic Usage:** 
	- To capture screenshots of a list of URLs, you can use `gowitness` with the `file` input mode.
	```bash
	gowitness file -f urls.txt
	gowitness single https://tesla.com
	```
	- Replace `urls.txt` with the path to a text file containing the list of URLs you want to capture screenshots.
3. **Output:**
	- The screenshots will be saved in the `screenshots` directory inside the current working directory by default.
	- You can customize the output directory and filename template using the `-P` and `-T` options, respectively.
	- For example, to save screenshots in a directory called `output` with filenames starting with "screenshot_," 
	```bash
	gowitness file -f urls.txt -P output -T screenshot_{{.}}
	```

#### Help Page
